what I've Long Beach welcome back to
Gazette sports.com it's Mike and Tyler
attention beginning to turn from this
now outdated banner if you'll follow me
over here to this manner which Polly is
hoping will be outdated in just five
more games the first of those opponents
is palisades charter high school at the
LA City section the first school that
Paul is going to have to take care of if
they want to put some new numbers on
that white van der dolphins have some
quality wins Polly coming out looking
maybe like they had a bit of a
championship hangover easy buckets there
for rashon Princeton started but this is
not necessarily the poly defense we're
used to seeing very open kind of a
sluggish start defensively as both teams
hit their first two shots to tie this
game up at four but it wouldn't really
stay a tight-knit game as the poly
offense really started to run through
Ryan Anderson as you see a few putbacks
here consecutively he was able to score
ten consecutive points for the
Jackrabbits and really put things into
cruise control yeah it wasn't
necessarily running through Ryan
Anderson because it was other kids
taking shots and him cleaning up the
boards three straight foot back so like
I said then he knocks down four
free-throws Nina's first six free-throws
tonight to put the lead out there for
calling and there was plenty of time to
dunk here's Anderson and transition says
I'll take those two in style and then
another senior Alexis more from plenty
of distance nothing but net yeah that's
like maybe even beyond NBA length right
there just just feeling it out and then
I like this is a good way to highlight
Anderson starts to play with the rebound
gives it two more who's going to make a
sweet pass to chris camper more on
camper later yeah that was a very nice
pass we saw few of those speaking a
camper spiking that one down get out of
paint try it out for the volleyball team
big lead for poly and things are about
to get weird it's a bit weird it's a bit
weird what the log won't was folks just
going all weird or fun or however you
want to look at it this turn into a fun
one for poly quickly with that lead
these
the last three plays in the half a dunk
for rashon prince and the first ever in
game dunk for chris camper and then
another one with the sophomore Prince
things got wild the last three plays
going into halftime you see the team all
riled up right here getting the fans
into it yeah this is the senior last
game in the run homer pavilion actually
so good to see camper making his first
dunk go ahead and show that one again
let's go back to camp high who give a
amber and then just continue to the
second half actually game spent more at
the free-throw line that in the air 60
total free throws 42 of which went to
poly but Jordan Bell trying to get
things to be a little bit more exciting
with that way nice pass here and then it
ends up bouncing off the rim and getting
back to a beautiful lamp for Chris crew
up and under that's pretty nice little
moment here in garbage time game already
well in hand after Jordan Bell bricks
this dunk ball bounces to Marcus bugs
who comes off the bench for his first
varsity points in a state playoff game a
lot of fun as Polly cruises to a
31-point victory this sets up the epic
three rematch Long Beach Poly taking on
etiwanda that game will be Thursday
night 7pm at LBCC for coverage of that
game you know where to go Gazette sports
com